devSandbox (#23)
cpp-lln-lab/CPP_PTB: README.md

Use that to stop your script and only restart when the space bar is pressed.

## Annexes

### Experiment template [ WIP ]

### `devSandobox.m` stand-alone

This script is a stand-alone function that can be useful as a sandbox to develop the PTB audio/visual stimulation of your experiment. No input/output required.

> Here, a tutorial from https://peterscarfe.com/contrastgratingdemo.html is provided for illustrative purpose (notice that some vars' name are updated to our code style). For your use, you will delete that part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, a tutorial from https://peterscarfe.com/contrastgratingdemo.html is provided for illustrative purpose (notice that some variable names are updated to our code style). For your use, you will delete that part.
```

It is composed of two parts:
 - a fixed structure that will initialize and close PTB in 'debug mode'
    (`PsychDebugWindowConfiguration`, `SkipSyncTests`)

>  - the actual sandbox where to set your dynamic vars (the stimualtion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - the actual sandbox where to set your dynamic variables (the stimulation
```

   parameters) and the 'playground' where to develop the stimulation code

>  When you are happy with it, ideally you will move the vars in `setParameters.m` and the stimulation code in a separate function in `my-experiment-folder/subfun`. The code style and vars name is the same used in `cpp-lln-lab/CPP_PTB` github repo, therefore it should be easy to move everything in your experiment scripts (see the template that is annexed in `cpp-lln-lab/CPP_PTB`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 When you are happy with it, ideally you will move the vars in `setParameters.m` and the stimulation code in a separate function in `my-experiment-folder/subfun`. The code style and variable names are the same used in `cpp-lln-lab/CPP_PTB` github repo, therefore it should be easy to move everything in your experiment scripts (see the template that is annexed in `cpp-lln-lab/CPP_PTB`).
```
